Harm so far we have been discussing the biological and our own networks.
We have been discussing it was going to be the model.
How are we going to model the biological nervous system how we are going to create Now drones percept
drones activation functions and so on.
But let me tell a few words about the big picture how now all networks are working.
So OK we have several Now rowans with some connections.
Basically this is how we model X suns with directed edges.
Of course there may be several layers of that given that work as you can see there are two hidden layers
an input layer and an output layer of that network.
We can have just a single hidden layer and we can have no hidden layers at all.
We can have just input layers and output layer.
OK.
So that's all about the number of players.
And as you can see there are connections between these layers.
Basically Usually we use feed for Verdon out on networks which means that there are directed edges.
And basically there is no back over the edge.
So we have the input layer and there are directed edges in the next layer.
Then we have this layer and we have directed Ajay's for the next layer.
There are no edges pointing back to the first layer and so on.
This is the so-called feedforward.
Now we're on that for up because they are proved to be working quite fine.
So this is why we are going to use it in discourse as well.
And OK you may post a question that how are we going to store the information and the information is
encoded in the actuates.
So basically a change in the edge weight is going to cost changing the output.
So if we change a little bit we the data w this edge weight that we would like to make sure Dandie output
is going to change by a little amount this data.
Oh okay.
And this is what we have been discussing that with step functions as an activation function.
It's not going to be true that a small change in an aggregate is going to be result in a small change
in the output.
This is why we have to use more elaborate activation functions such as sigmoid functions or the hyperbolic
tangan activation function.
So the algorithm keeps changing the weights so that for a given inputs there will be the right output
in the output layer.
Let's suppose the fact that we have now on a network and if we want to train to learn data and logical
operator then we have to impute values 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 and we are going to change the actuates on every
iteration so that the output is going to be what's in the training data.
So if the inputs are 0 0 the output is going to be 0 if the input is 0 1 the output is going to be 0
if the input is 1 0.
Output is going to be 0 and if the input is 1 1 then the output is going to be warm.
This is what we have been discussing for the.
And logical relation as you can see we have to import and we have a labeled output because this is a
supervised learning approach.
So in every direction we change the educates a little bit because we would like to make sure that the
output is going to change a little bit.
OK.
So in every iteration the net for gets a little closer to be able to classify For example the written
digits.
And if we repeat the process several times so changing the educates will produce better and better results.
Hence the network is capable of learning.
So this is how we design our own networks.
And this is the main principle that we encode information in the educates and we want to make sure that
if we change the aggregates on every iteration then the output is going to be altered a little bit.
Thanks for watching.